How you doing?
Phil Dunphy.
What do I have to do
to get you to ask,
"What do I have to do
to get you into
this car today?"
Well, why don’t we start
with a test drive?
I’ll get the keys.
Sounds good.
Right where I want him.
[ Chuckles ]
Come here.
Come look at this.
This thing warns you
if you deviate
from your lane.
In my car, that’s my wife.
[ Chuckles ]
"Andre, if you try to kill me,
I swear, I will kill you!"
[ Chuckles ]
Well, I guess
this is what I’ll be driving
for the next 39 months.
Maybe this
is my D.N.A. talking,
but you do not seem sufficiently
excited about the prospect
of driving a new Cadillac.
No, it’s great. I’ve just
leased the same thing forever.
Part of me wants to
shake things up.
I don’t know,
get something like–
like that.
[ Andre ] Oh, wow.
[ Phil ] Colonel Klink,
that is nice.
[ Mitchell ]
We took Lily
on her first train ride.
Just a quick trip to Chinatown.
I was worried she would
think we were taking her
back to Vietnam,
but she seemed okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Possibly because she was
an infant when she left Vietnam.
Also Vietnam’s not China.
Well, I had a lollipop with me,
just in case.
[ Chime Sounds ]
[ Sighs ]
I love that we’re doing this.
It’s important
for her to explore
the city she lives in.
So much diversity.
Keep your wallet
in your front pocket.
My shoe’s untied.
Oh, sweetie, it is.
Here, have a seat.
Right here.
There you go.
- Hey, hold Bunny.
- [ Chime Sounds ]
No! No, no, no, no,
no, no, no! No!
[ Lily ]
Bunny!
How did you miss that, Mitchell?
[ Mitchell ]
Mr. Conductor!
I-I– What?
I was purelling!
And it’s me.
Why would you toss it?
Because my hands were full?
I want Bunny.
I know. Okay, I have an idea.
Let’s catch the next train
and ride it till it catches up.
They don’t catch up.
It’s called a collision.
Do you have a better idea?
You’re the one that lost it.
No, you tossed it.
He who tossed it lost it.
- Don’t try to clever
your way out of this.
- Daddy lost Bunny.
She means you.
Oh, I’ve wanted a car like this
since I was a kid.
Me too.
I used to imagine the wind
blowing through my perm,
blasting some Hall and Oates,
maybe horsing around
with my Mr. Microphone.
Yeah, we wouldn’t have
been friends back then.
You should buy it.
No.
It’s not practical.
Practical?
You never see a person
on their deathbed saying,
"I wish I’d have been
more practical."
I see a lot of people
on their deathbed, Phil.
A lot.
I thought you operated
on knees and elbows.
Phil,
this is a nice car.
And it’s half the price
of a new car.
If you don’t buy it,
I will.
What would Claire say?
You know what?
Maybe we should find you
something with a little
more lumbar support.
Yeah.
You know, with you not
having a spine and all.
I have a spine.
- Do you have a spine?
- I have a spine.
Want to take it
for a spin?
You know what?
I’d rather take her for a spin.
Let’s get her top down
and see what she can do.
I– No.
I meant the convertible.
[ Giggles ]
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Well, I just talked to
the concierge,
and room service
will save me a bread pudding.
Load off my mind.
You mock me,
but Travel and Leisure says...
it’s not to be missed.
This weekend we’re going
up to Pebble Beach.
I’m gonna meet a bunch
of guys...
I played high school football
with.
Man, those were
the good old days.
Yeah, unless you were a woman,
black, Hispanic or gay.
True. But if you were a straight
white guy who played football,
really couldn’t have a bad day.
- Gloria–
- Mmm?
Which watch should I pack?
This one’s showier.
This one’s more expensive.
Why do you care so much
about a watch?
How do I say this
without sounding
like an ass?
I’m kind of
a legend
to these guys.
Not like that.
[ Honks ]
Hey. Who’s your daddy?
- Whoa.
Whose car is this?
- [ Phil ] Mine.
- I talked him into it.
- Seriously? Mom’s gonna
let you have this?
Luke, Luke, Luke.
Where is she?
Dad, I don’t like this.
Why not?
My friend Molly’s dad
bought a sports car.
Now he lives
in a studio apartment...
and dates a girl
who works at Forever 21,
which she won’t be
for two years.
Hear that?
Honey, I’m not leaving your mom.
Might not be your call.
Oh, my God,
it’s so pretty!
I love it, and I love you,
and I promise I’ll take
super good care of it.
Can I tell her?
Please.
I ask for so little.
Alex, be nice
to your sister.
It’s Dad’s car, not yours.
What?
But you’re too old for this.
It’s just like last year,
when he wouldn’t take off
those skinny jeans.
Wouldn’t or couldn’t?
Hey, I looked hot.
You look hot in this car.
Let me tell you something
about your dad.
Your dad is a man who knows
what he wants, and he gets it.
[ Alex ]
Oh.
At least
that’s what I heard.
And I was there more as a friend
and an observer...
than anything.
Andre.
Hey,
Claire.
Honey.
Is this the new car?
I know it looks impractical,
but Andre has seen a lot
of people die.
I’m not upset.
It’s a beautiful car.
I’m just surprised
you didn’t get the sedan,
that’s all.
Beautiful.
Good seeing you, Cla–
Mmm, it’s beautiful.
What just happened?
She did not blink once.
Do you want to
come in for a minute?
No, I gotta, you know–
I gotta get to the wife.
Well, do you, uh–
Do you need a ride or anything?
No, no, no. I’m gonna–
I’m gonna jog.
Why– Why you want to–
I’m just gonna jog!
Lily was up all night
because she didn’t have
Bunny.
Which means that
we were up all night
because she didn’t have Bunny.
God, she must’ve cried for–
How long was it, Cam?
[ Snoring ]
Cam, Cam.
Hmm? Oh, sorry.
Last night was rough
because Lily–
Covered it.
...didn’t have Bunny.
Jay, tell me,
why are we on the runway?
Surprise.
We’re taking a private plane.
- Wow! I’ve never been
on a private plane.
- And you never will.
I am not getting
on that little thing.
What if the rubber band snaps,
and we fall out of the sky?
It’s perfectly safe.
It’s a legitimate airline.
Hey, folks.
Whoa.
Nobody said three.
All right, before we take off,
I’m gonna need to get
everyone’s weight.
No problem.
I’m about 190.
Okay.
Oh, yeah.
In that case, I’m 275.
Gloria.
I would never put
you and Manny in danger.
Now, come on.
Trust me on this.
Beautiful.
It’s American music
the whole way,
and I don’t want to
hear a word.
How you doing there,
sport?
Great. Yeah, awesome.
You know what’s awesome
is this car has the engine
in the trunk,
so that means I get to
put these signs in the seat,
which is cool.
Very cool.
[ Cell Phone Chirps ]
Huh.
What?
Oh, nothing.
My, uh, client just wants me
to pick her up...
on the way to the open house,
which is great.
I’ll, uh, drop the sign off,
and just swing across town.
[ Phone Chirps ]
Oh, she’s bringing her mom
and a designer.
Well, maybe they’ll fit
in the trunk.
Here it comes.
I was making a joke.
What’s your game, woman?
I have no game.
You’re an adult.
You can make your own choices.
Since when?
Do you want to borrow
the minivan?
Yes, please.
Okay, fine.
Then you’re gonna have to
pick up the kids from school.
Okay, I can’t take it.
If you got something
to say, just say it.
I have nothing to say.
That just says it all.
No.
Okay.
♪♪ [ Latin Folk ]
Uh-huh.
All– All– All right.
Thank you, Serena.
See you tonight.
[ Beeps ]
Good news.
They rescheduled my massage
for the morning.
Bad news, it’s a dude.
Don’t blame me.
It’s your mom’s fault.
Do you know how many people
died in these planes?
John Denver, Patsy Cline,
Ritchie Valens.
I’ve heard you sing.
I think you’re safe.
All right, look.
The welcome dinner
starts in four hours.
It’s a five hour drive.
No bathroom breaks.
[ Slurps ]
Uh-oh.
Yeah, I think you’re gonna
want to hold on to that cup.
[ Thump ]
Damn it!
What was that?
Giant pothole.
The dash is lighting up
like a Christmas tree.
Tire’s blown!
This never would’ve happened
if we were in the air.
If this had happened in the air,
we wouldn’t be in the air.
We’d be in rock and roll heaven.
Okay, what do you think?
I’m going to put these
in the subway.
Okay. It looks like,
uh, Lily’s missing,
and we’re offering $25
to get her back.
Oh, don’t be ridiculous.
No one in their right mind–
Okay, that’s all I see now.
How about this one?
Okay. Um–
"Missing: Stuffed bunny,
brown and white fur,
sympathetic eyes."
What are sympathetic
eyes?
Not those.
I just– I don’t
really love the idea...
of our phone number
being up in the subway.
Okay,
let’s play a different game.
How about I be the problem
and you be the solution?
[ Sighs ]
I’m sorry.
I shouldn’t be so critical.
I know
you’re just trying to–
Got it!
Just came up
with a better idea. Took me
less than five seconds.
Okay.
[ Inaudible ]
Huh?
I can’t hear you.
What?
Window.
I don’t know.
Aah!
What did I do?
[ Chuckles ]
Oh, my. Yes.
Hey.
Hi.
Nice car.
Thank you.
You gonna drive up the coast
or–
Oh, no. I’m gonna
do some errands,
actually. Yeah.
’Cause other people might go
and buy a crazy car
with an engine in the–
in the trunk,
but not me.
No. I’m responsible.
Mm-hmm.
We have three kids.
You can’t pick up three kids
in this car. You can’t.
You–
It-It–
I’ll get you– catch ya.
[ Horn Blares ]
I’m going!
Maybe I was a teeny bit mad.
So I blew off my errands
and headed up the coast.
It was my turn to be
irresponsible.
And luckily I had sunscreen
in my purse.
Well, your strut’s shot.
And we can’t get parts
for at least a day.
Fantastic.
I don’t suppose there’s
any place you can rent cars
anywhere around here.
You know what, sir?
We’re not some
one-horse town.
Of course
you can rent a car.
It just happens to be
out for the day.
It’s unbelievable.
We’re gonna miss
the whole weekend.
Ay, I’m sorry, Jay.
I know how much you mean
to those guys,
and I know how much
they want to see you.
I’m so sorry.
[ Man ]
Uh, excuse me.
You are... so pretty.
And if you really need
to get somewhere,
maybe I can help you out.
Ay, yes, please.
Thank you. Anything.
Check it out.
Restored it myself.
No. I did not get
in the little plane
at the little airport.
I’m not gonna get in this–
[ Imitates Helicopter ]
flown by that guy that
couldn’t fix our car!
Gloria, it’s either this,
or we’re in the motel.
I don’t like the sound of that.
A lot of amenities disappear
when an "H" becomes an "M."
You know, when I met you,
you were eating cereal
out of a bucket.
[ Mitchell ]
Hey, Lily, guess what?
What?
Uh, we just heard
from Bunny.
This is a terrible idea.
It’s fantastic.
Bunny said he’s on
an amazing adventure,
having the time of his life,
and that you should pick
one of his best friends to
sleep with while he’s gone.
Bunny doesn’t talk.
This is going great.
He does now, because–
because he took
talking lessons.
So what do you think, huh?
Turtle or giraffe or,
uh, little reindeer?
- Where’s Bunny now?
- Uh, St. Louis.
- Why?
- He’s visiting his girlfriend.
He doesn’t
have a girlfriend.
He has a boyfriend.
Ohh.
I want Bunny.
[ Mitchell ]
Okay. No, no. Lily, Lily–
Uh, what about
Miss, uh, Teddy Bear?
Huh? No?
Uh, Dr. Tiger?
No?
Mr. Fish?
I want Bunny.
I’m going to St. Louis.
Really?
You don’t know Nemo?
It’s on an endless loop
in the den.
I have a job.
And then Bodie
kicked it to me,
and I dribbled it
past Michael
and got it to Tyler.
I was bummed not to be
in my new cool car,
so I wasn’t joking
around with the kids
like I usually do.
And I would’ve scored
if that kid didn’t trip me.
I can’t believe
the ref didn’t see it.
I bet Olivia saw it.
She’s always watching you
when you play.
Yeah, I know.
It’s like she’s in love
with soccer.
Ugh. Stop texting me.
What?
Corey.
He’s so clingy.
[ Speaking Chinese ]
Time for a new boyfriend.
[ Phil ] But, you know,
there’s something about
driving your kids around.
You’re in the front.
They’re in the back.
They forget you’re there,
and you learn so much.
You’re like Sigourney Weaver
in Gorillas in the Mist.
Except gorillas make
less noise chewing.
[ Crunching ]
Once I hit the Coast Highway,
I didn’t stop.
I turned off my cell phone.
I ate fish tacos for lunch.
It was insane.
I haven’t felt
that free in years.
All my stress
completely disappeared.
And so did my keys.
I’m sorry,
but these signs
are ridiculous.
Oh, you’re right.
I should’ve used
Helvetica.
It much better
represents the urgency
of our situation.
No, the lengths
that we’re going to
for a stuffed animal.
You know, Cam,
maybe it’s time
Lily learned about loss.
No.
She’s three, and I know.
You know how many times I had to
say good-bye to a furry friend
on the farm?
And didn’t it make you stronger?
Yeah, because
I was a growing boy,
and they were
chock-full of protein.
But it was
still heartbreaking.
It builds character.
You know, once, when I was
a kid, my dad left my Luke
Skywalker doll on an airplane,
and I was so angry–
Wait, which-which Luke?
Shorty robe or dress blacks?
Shorty robe.
Oh, my.
And you know what
he did to get it back?
Not a damn thing.
Nope, he didn’t lift one
pudgy finger to make a single
phone call, and I got over it.
Yeah, well,
I want you and Lily...
to have the same
healthy relationship you and
your father have, for sure.
All right,
give me these flyers.
I’m gonna take everything to
this side of the homeless guy.
Mitchell!
Sorry, what are
we supposed to say now?
Home-challenged or–
No, look!
[ Mitchell ]
Oh, my God!
It’s Bunny!
Oh, Lily’s gonna be so happy.
Oh, that’s so great.
Go ahead and get it.
What, me?
Yeah.
Why should I go and get it?
Well, I-I’m not
gonna do it.
Why? I spotted it.
You’re closer.
It’s your journey.
Luke Skywalker?
Pattern breaking? Your father?
Get in there.
Fine.
Hi, sir.
Hello. Y-You–
Hello.
H-Hello. Sir?
I– I can’t–
Oh, for God’s sake.
[ Coughs, Retches ]
[ Snorts ]
Let her hate us.
You turned out great.
I did, didn’t I?
You’re a big lawyer.
[ Rumbling ]
This is not the massage
I had in mind.
All right.
[ Stops ]
Okay.
In about an hour, a train
goes through town that will
get us close to Pebble Beach.
Now, it’s not technically
a passenger train,
so it won’t be stopping.
- What?
- So we gotta get running real
good. No high heel shoes.
It wouldn’t be wrong
if we took that blanket
with us either, huh?
So what do ya say?
Anybody up for
a hobo adventure?
If we’re voting, I’m a no.
Manny,
we’re gonna be right back.
We’re gonna get some ice
from the machine
in the parking lot.
Classy.
Jay,
this is getting crazy.
Is it worth it?
I want to see the old gang.
Do you want to see them
or you want to
show off to them?
The private plane,
the fancy watch.
You still want to feel
that you’re the big kahuna
on the campus.
That’s not it.
That’s not even a thing.
You know what?
I’m taking Manny home.
If you want to go in the–
[ Imitates Helicopter ]
okay.
Go to Pebble Beach
by yourself.
No. What?
That’s not the plan.
If you want to go there so bad,
that’s the only way
you’re gonna get there.
I’m not trying to get me there.
I’m trying to get you there!
What?
Look.
I may have exaggerated
the size kahuna I was.
I may not... technically
have been a kahuna.
I was shy,
and I spent most
of my time...
on the bench.
But you always made it
sound like you–
I know what
I made it sound like.
[ Sighs ]
People didn’t expect much
from me,
and, uh, they certainly
didn’t expect me to end up
with somebody like you.
So this is all about you
parading me around
like a trophy?
Yes.
Why didn’t you say so?
I can be a trophy.
Come on.
We need to get this up
to Pebble Beach.
Manny! We’re leaving!
Get ready!
Oh, good.
If we get out of here
in the next 10 minutes,
we don’t have to pay
for the second hour.
How you doing there,
sport?
I’m sorry.
It’s okay.
Thanks.
So–
Whatcha doing
all the way up here?
Did someone snap?
A little, yeah.
I was mad at you for buying
that stupid sports car.
I knew it!
And I was wrong.
It’s a great car.
God, I had the best day.
Phil, I did cartwheels.
Without me?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Hey, did you know
there’s a girl
with a crush on Luke?
Olivia?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, and Haley’s totally
done with Corey.
That’s new.
Alex is teaching herself Chinese
so she’ll be useful
when they finish buying us.
She’s so weird.
I really want to be able to
drive the kids around.
And I need a bigger car
for work.
I made a mistake.
No, you didn’t.
You bought it for a reason.
When did we stop
coming to the beach?
I think it was
when Alex started printing out
water quality reports.
She’ll be China’s problem soon.
You know, we don’t need
a sports car to get out here.
Mmm.
We should just make a pact.
Once a month,
we get out to the beach.
And we’ll tell everyone
we’re running errands.
Yeah.
So you didn’t get
to the dry cleaner?
Mmm.
[ Manny ]
They say the important thing
in life isn’t the destination,
it’s the journey.
The challenges
you face along the way,
the unexpected twists and turns,
the disappointments
you overcome.
Look what I found
on the Internet.
Oh, my God!
It’s Luke Skywalker
in his shorty robe!
I love it!
Mine!
Oh.
But they’re wrong.
It’s all about the destination.
Especially when the destination
is your amazing
oceanfront hotel.
Thank you again, Serena.
- Warmest regards,
Manny Delgado.
- What’s he doing?
He’s sending flowers
to the concierge.
Oh, geez.
Hey.
[ Snaps Fingers ]
Credit card.
Mm-hmm.
She wore you down,
didn’t she?
This is not about Claire.
I really want to sell you
the car.
It’s sad.
She got you to believe that.
No, I–
Turns out I’m just
not a convertible guy.
Well, your loss is my gain.
It’s a sweet ride, Phil.
Right?
It really is.
Oh.
[ Inhales ]
Uh-oh.
[ Phil ]
What?
I’m getting, like,
a whiff of mildew.
[ Inhales ]
I don’t smell anything.
Yep, that’s mildew.
What?
This car has been in a flood.
It’s a Katrina car.
I’m offended that
you tried to sell me
a Katrina car, Phil.
Your wife won’t let you
have a convertible, will she?
We will never know,
’cause I’m afraid to ask.
See you later, Phil.
[ Rapid Footsteps ]
Why are you
running again?